#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
-e file:.
    # via -r requirements.in
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   llama-stack-client
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-stack-client
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
distro==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-stack-client
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx==0.25.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-stack-client
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
numpy==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-stack-client
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-stack-client
pyaml==24.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-stack-client
pydantic==2.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-stack-client
pydantic-core==2.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyaml
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-stack-client
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   llama-stack-client
termcolor==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-stack-client
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-stack-client
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-stack-client
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
